Update README.md (#6)
vircadia/vircadia-user-docs: docs/create/README.md

# Creating with Vircadia

Coming soon.

> # Hosting provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Asset Hosting
```

> Configuring CORS on your hosting provider enables resources to be pulled from outside sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring CORS on your hosting provider enables assets to be loaded into the world from URLs that are not on the same domain as the web client.
```
